What can we do?
- Health Care
- Gov Information
- Real Estate
- Services
- Retail
- MLM
- Leads
- Builders
- Exercise

carpendo

Cusomters set the price.

Gives me my top matches
If I pin an image and put a price, it brings me all the related items
The Engine would match the "price" and bring up related items
You can pin the e-commerce product.
Our site is compiled of multiple suppliers.
We track the information and sell it.
I don't care if they purchase from our site.  I want to know Kyle is 28 and likes candles.

Kyle is searching for furniture.  All I want to do is pin it.  I'm willing to pay $1,200.  Tell me what site they came from. Kyle has to go through google images because google doesn't show them.  Takes forever and he still can't find it.

Nike says, why aren't we selling more on this site?  Oh, it's because Reebok has these deals.
We don't care about prices on other people's website.

There is a social aspect that is extremely critical.

Customers can select their preferred brands.
Can we show your stuff on our site?

Frantz would select Nordstrom, Express, H&M

I don't have to go to express.

People who viewed this also viewed this.  The difference is that it should be around the price that i've said.  Overstock shows "related products"

People like to see something, and get it cheaper.

Who got it for less?  The winner is whoever can find the lowest price for the items you want.

We wouldn't have the ability to negotiate with the liquidators
I don't need this exact brand.
We need a bunch of suppliers that can provide

We need a search engine

Help people find deals

Ability to share with friends

"We do it way better than Google"

What can we take from iOffer?

There is a feed for the latest outfits, what is trending.



ADS
t.name:string
t.description:string
t.price:double

API_KEYS
t.user_id:integer, null: false
t.access_token:string, null: false

CATEGORIES
t.parent_id:integer
t.name:string, null: false
t.timestamps

COMPETITION
t.winner_id:integer
t.name:string, null: false
t.start_at:datetime
t.end_at:datetime

DEALS
t.customer_id:integer, null: false
t.product_id:integer, null: false
t.ad_id:integer

INVOICES
status
t.due_at:datetime
t.published_at:datetime
t.timestamps

INVOICE_ITEMS
t.string :nam
t.string :description
t.double :price
t.integer :quantity

INVOICE_PAYMENTS


NOTES
t.string :content
t.integer :noteable_id
t.string :noteable_type

OUTFIT
t.integer :user_id
t.string :name
t.string :description

PERMISSIONS
t.string :namespace, null: false
t.string :controller, null: false
t.string :action, null: false

PHOTOS
t.integer :product_id, null: false
t.string :url
t.string :filename
t.string :original_filename
t.string :mime_type
t.integer :filesize

PRODUCTS
t.references :rateable, polymorphic: true
t.integer :vendor_id
t.string :name, null: false
t.double :suggested_price

PERMISSIONS_USERS
t.permssion_id:integer, null: false
t.user_id:integer, null: false

RATINGS (vendors, customers, products)
t.integer :rating, null: false
t.integer :user_id, null: false
t.string :rateable_id
t.string :rateable_type

USERS
t.references :noteable, polymorphic: true
t.references :rateable, polymorphic: true
t.string :first_name
t.string :last_name
t.string :address
t.string :city
t.string :state
t.string :region
t.string :postal_code
t.string :email
t.string :phone
t.string :password
t.string :password_digest
t.timestamps

VENDORS
t.references :noteable, polymorphic: true
t.references :rateable, polymorphic: true
t.name:string
t.address:string
t.city:string
t.state:string
t.region:string
t.postal_code:string
t.timestamps


DATABASE
tagging?
rating?

What sets us apart?
What is the revenue model?
Do we want to do E-Commerce?
Can customers purchase directly from our site?
Do we give away cash or the outfit?
Do we only do clothing/accessories?

As a customer I want to be able
As a customer I want to be able to send out my link so that my friends can vote for my outfit.
As a customer I want to be able to create outfits from anything I find on the internet.
As a customer I want to be able to choose from products available in Carpendo inventory.
As a customer I want to be able to add comments to other peoples outfits.

As an admin I want to be able to add, edit, delete users
As an admin I want to be able to add, edit, delete vendors


How is this different than Froogle?

Scratch everything you know.  Here is what Frantz does.

Discovery mode

Frantz receives clothing magazines.
Frantz tears pages/pictures that he likes. The reason he does it is that he likes the outfits and wants to replicate it.
Regularly he goes to express, h&m, 6pm.  Brandi goes to Nordstrom.  She will find deals/outfits that she will pin on pinterst.

Shopping mode
"Frantz, do you remember that bow tie?  Let's go look for it."  They will look for bow ties.  They will go to several websites including those manufacturers.  Once they find a cheap price, they purchase.

Friends then ask, where do you buy your clothes?


11/15/2012
Meeting with the wives to discuss the flow of the project.
How can I build this outfit for cheaper?
We have searched over all of the internet
You are earning money when you win the competition.
If you can make the same outfit
Have a 5 minute video of what the site is all about.

How do the pictures get there?  They come from the manufacturers.
We show pictures of Express, BeBe, H&M
Who is going to make the connection between 'Shirt 1' and 'Shirt 2'

Prices change and clothes change every 2 weeks.
What is the benefit of someone recommending an outfit?
How do we get people to have fun?

There are hundreds of fashion blogs
Everyday that have a new outfit to see.

Save outfits, and share outfit
Amanda:  You should call the site "dress yourself"
We can do different themes for the outfits.  "Christmas, Easter"
What is the revenue side of this?
Our first approach is to contact the bloggers to get them to push it.

There is an outfit on the front page.
On the first page
- See an outfit that is changing
- Have a price gauge
- Top picks
- This weeks contest, last months winner
- Deal of the week

Browse By
- Theme
- Vendor
- Price/Type

Don't want the page to be too busy.
There should be a time period that someone
Open/share your closet
Fashion Guest Posts
"my closet"
Tagging
See other closets
When you click on someones closet, you can see all of their outfits.  If you click on an outfit, it brings everything into the "Outfit Builder"
Follow certain peoples closets
Suggest Retailers
People can still browse without being invited.  They can see the outfit builder but they can't save or submit it to the competition.
Have no limit to how many people you can invite.
This is focus on fashion, not everything.
What are the different revenue models

Why would people not come?  It's a waste of time
Having a sweepstakes saves the money.
What is the model?  The "product" is the customer.
Should we get money.
Kyle: we should do a business plan

Get list of all fashion bloggers
Get list of all vendors
Do a press release

COMPETITORS
Pinterest - 
Polyvore - 
